Diffusion-Limited Aggregation Crystal Grower

This program is a simulation which utilizes random walkers to "deposit"
particles onto a seeded source. Currently this program has a simply line seed,
though I'd like to implement either a PNG image as a seed, or the ability to
draw directly on the display window to set the seed.

PROGRAM OPERATION

  All parameters are set using the controls on the right.

  Left/Right and Up/Down probabilities are governed independently. That is to
  say, the sum of the probability for motion on the X-axis is 1, and the sum of
  the probability for motion on the Y-axis is 1. Currently each particle has the
  same probability distribution.  Note that any undefined probability will
  result in zero motion, giving us the ability for particles to move to any of
  the 8 nearest neighboring points.

  Number of walkers defines how many particles are being simulated at once.
  Particles are reset if they are deposited, or if they drift too far from the
  simulation. 

  X-Line defines the bottom edge of the initialized random position of the
  particles in box mode, the position of a horizontal line in horizontal
  mode, and the starting line position for horizontal-advancing mode.

  Y-Line defines the right-most edge of the initialized random position of the
  particles in box mode, the position of a vertical line in vertical mode, and
  the starting line position for vertical-advancing mode.

  Deposit rate is only used for advancing modes. This specifies the number of
  positions needed to advance to get the source line to advance. Advances are
  only chosen when the maximum height increases.

  Modes:
    Random box: Particles are randomly distributed in a box with the top left
    corner defined as being inset from the top left corner of the simulation
    region and the bottom right being set by the X-Line, and Y-Line Parameters

    Random X-Line: Particles are randomly distributed on a horizontal line
    defined by the Y-Line parameter

    Random Y-Line: Particles are randomly distributed on a vertical line defined
    by the X-Line parameter

    Advance X: --NOT DOCUMENTED YET--
    Advance Y: --NOT DOCUMENTED YET--

  Save Data saves the clustered data to a comma separated list of coordinates

  Run begins the simulation
  Pause pauses the simulation
  Stop stops the simulation   
    See Bug List on these options

  Draw Walkers enables/disables the walkers being updated.

  The Display panel draws cluster cells as black, and walkers as white.

KNOWN BUGS:

  #1 -- Issues with the state system - 
    Run, Pause, and Stop were hacked together quickly in order to gather data
    effectively for PHYS 486. A better state system should be implemented to
    better handle the simulation.

  #2 -- Issues with the ending of a simulation -
    After an advance-x/y simulation is run, a dialog is supposed to pop-up and
    tell the user to save the data-file. This works, however afterwards the
    program crashes.

TO DO:

  General clean up and commenting. This code was written for PHYS 486, in which
  we had a week to generate data and write a paper on the simulation we wrote.
  Assignments were given every week, so by the time this program was written to
  a usable state, it had to be abandoned.

